Grandpa, you're awake
What's wrong with me?
Grandpa, you were just stimulated to faint
Yes
It was Miss Lu who saved you
Good boy
You are indeed the granddaughter-in-law that grandpa likes
Since he was really cured of the invasion
You won't be so lucky next time.
Handsome girl
What else do you have that we don't know?
No. No more.
I swear hey
How is it for you to check?
It will take a while. Hmm.
Little sister wants money, take it well
Tomorrow night.
It's the day of the fourth brother's new movie release conference
There will be a mysterious guest coming
Please, do you have to come?
Let you know everywhere
Your fourth brother is awesome
Let's go